Add wcag22.json and generation script, based on published wcag.json (#202)
w3c/wai-website-data: README.md

ln -s ../_external/data/techniques.yml
ln -s ../_external/data/translations.yml
ln -s ../_external/data/wcag.yml
```

> ## How to update wcag22.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to update wcag/22.json
```

Author: Thanks for catching what I missed updating in the README with the file rename. I wordsmithed them to potentially also work for multiple files e.g. if we end up having a reason to do the same also for 2.1.

Reviewer: Thanks. Please consider [my last comment](https://github.com/w3c/wai-website-data/pull/202#issuecomment-2875771053) though...

> To update `wcag22.json`, run the following within the project directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update `wcag/22.json`, run the following within the project directory:
```
